Tactics game:

  o  Need to come up with an acceptable code name
  o  Need to come up with a cool name

  o  Create 26 characters each starting with a different letter of the
     alphabet (this'll make short hand a little easier)  (try to come up
     with an even balance of female/male and weapon types

Characters

m Amon  (hidden one, wind)
m Boyce
m Cronos (time ?)
m Dref
f Eos   (day)
f Felicitas  (good fortune/luck)
f Gale
f Hebe  (or Hestia?)
m Indus (Indra ?)
f Josephine
m Kenneth
m Locke
f Maeve  (charm)
f Nyx    (night)
m Oisin  (little dear, blowgun, like character from nausicaa)
f Pele   (fire)
m Quine
m Remus  (wolf ?)
f Selene (moon)
f Tanith (serpent lady)
f Uma
m Veles  (velius based on)
m Wendel
m Xerxes
f Yanaba
m Zephyr (wind, use bow)

m: 13  f: 13

  o  Create close to 13 different attack/weapon types?

  Sword        (One panel range) (single hand, can equip shield)
  Claws        (One panel range) (both hands, two attacks)
  Axe          (One panel range) (both hands, more powerful)
  Hammer       (One panel range) (both hands, more powerful)
  Spear        (Two panel range) (Can hit two enemies, unless first dodges,
                                  less damage to second)
                                 (both hands)
  Whip         (Two panel range) (single hand, can equip shield?)

  Bow          (Single target, long range, arced trajectory) (both hands)
  Blowgun      (Single target, medium range, low damage, effect) (one hand)
  Crossbow     (Single target, long range, straight-line trajectory)  (both)

  Magic Ring, Staff, etc  (staff -- both hands, low damage direct attack)
                          (ring  -- no weapon? no direct attack, no defense)
               (Single target, multiple targets, etc)
               (Healing, damaging, effect)
  Spells:
    Heal/Cure:  Recover's hp, cures poison
    Four elemental attack spells:  Damage with wider, unusual attack radii

    Status attacks:  Sleep:   Time stopped until hit, takes 1.5 times damage
                     Poison:  Periodic damage from poison (eventually wears
                              off?)
                     Charm:   Under charming character's control, until
                              charmer killed, or incapacitated (sleep)
                              Can only charm opposite sex
                     Slow:    Slows flow of time (less frequent turns)

    Status buffs:    Recover: Gains hp periodically (wears off?)
                     Quick:   Speeds flow of time (more frequent turns)
                     Evade:   Allows character to dodge next three physical
                              attacks
                     Shield:  Allows character to absorb next three magic
                              attacks
  Totals:  6 direct attack weapons
           3 ranged attack weapons
           1 healing spell
           4 attack spells
           4 status attacks
           4 status buffs
           1 defensive equip (shield)

          22 Actions / 26 characters:
             Some characters should have multiple to provide balance

  Movement types
    Distance covered can vary (jump can also vary)
    Some characters could fly
    Some characters could teleport
    

  Game data:

    Character Queue (List of live characters, in move order)
    Terrain map     (Actual map of tiles, heights)
    Obstacle list   (Position of obstacles, obstacle height?)
    Leaders         (The characters that are team leaders)
    Teams           (List of characters belonging to each team)

  Character stats:
    HP         Health Points (Everybody has 100 max / to start)
    Move       Distance that they can move
    Move Type  Type of movement (effects costs of various terrains)
    Equipment  Weapons, Armor (shield?)  -- defines available actions,
                                            damage amounts

    Weight     How weighted down is the character + how slow is the character
               Effects frequency of turns, effect of waiting, quick and slow

    Attack     Just the same as the attack power of the equipped weapon
    Defense    Just the same as the defense value for equipped armor

    Damage = Attack - Defense



